Feat/appcircle cli doc (#23)
appcircleio/appcircle-cli: docs/config/trust.md

# `appcircle config trust`

> Trust the SSL certificate of the self-hosted Appcircle server. The server host is retrieved by default from the `API_HOST` property of the current environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trust the SSL certificate of your self-hosted Appcircle server. By default, the system retrieves the server host from the `API_HOST` property of the current environment.
```
